Add org & storybook docs (#250)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/integrations/storybook.mdx

    codesandbox: {
     /**
       * To import all components used within each story in 
       * CodeSandbox, provide all necessary packages and modules.
       * 
       * Given the following story:
       * ```js
       * import Provider from "@myscope/mypackage";
       * import { Button } from "@radix-ui/themes";
       * import "@radix-ui/themes/styles.css";
       * ```
       * 
       * You need to map all imports to the following:
       */
      mapComponent: {
        // Example of default imports
        "@myscope/mypackage": "Provider",

        // Example of named functions
        "@radix-ui/themes": ["Button"],

        // Example of static imports
        "@radix-ui/themes/styles.css": true,
      },

      /**
       * @note You cannot use local modules or packages since
       * this story runs in an isolated environment (sandbox)
       * inside CodeSandbox. As such, the sandbox doesn't have
       * access to your file system.
       */
    },
  },
};
```

</details>

<br />

Make sure to provide the necessary values for [`apiToken`](https://codesandbox.io/t/permissions) and any additional dependencies or providers required for your specific setup.

> For now, this addon only support [Component Story Format (CSF)](Component Story Format (CSF)) stories format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, this addon only supports the [Component Story Format (CSF)](https://storybook.js.org/docs/api/csf) stories format.
```

### Additional Notes
- Ensure that you have proper permissions and access rights to the CodeSandbox workspace specified in the configuration.

> - Verify the correctness of the dependencies and providers listed in the configuration to ensure the sandbox runs smoothly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify the correctness of the dependencies and providers listed in the configuration to ensure the Sandbox runs smoothly.
```
